How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I didn't have to focus on the entire text of both files, as those plus/minus signs indicated the changes only, so my attention was only focused on the changes.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    First, I won't necessarily be a programmer, but I believe it doesn't matter. Thing is, we're human, we're not perfect, and we can make a mistake or even a lot of them. In this case, it can make sense to get back to an older version that has less of that mess.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

    It's more logical for me to save like this, because you've can arrange it logically, and you can save the versions of the documents with significant changes. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Those system have different purpose in mind. For Google Docs it's about storing documents, and usually those documents are independent of each other. 
    For git, it's about long-term management of code base, where files have dependencies and have to be managed together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I'd say it would be easier with those commands to update the code base, because you dopn't have to look for a needle in a stack of hay.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Basically, if you know you can return to a previous version that is guaranteed to work, there is an incentive to try new things. No risk in this case. You simply revert to a version that's guaranteed to work and that's all.
    
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Difficult to say. I have a tutorial to do, and I wanna go hard on it. But then, I'm definitely gonna use it for my real project

